deprecate support to Envoy SDS v2 API (#4228)
spiffe/spire: doc/spire_agent.md

### SDS Configuration

| Configuration                    | Description                                                                                                                         | Default |
|----------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|

> | `enable_sds_v2`                  | Enable SDS v2 API. Please note that enabling SDS v2 is not recommended and this config setting will be removed in a future version. | false   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable_deprecated_v2_api`                  | Enable deprecated SDS v2 API. It is recommended that users of the SDS v2 API migrate to the SDS v3 API. The SDS v2 API and this config setting will be removed in a future version. | false   |
```
